# Fourwheels-Enterprises

Fourwheels Enterprises is a small family business which started in the year 2000 and is involved in the automotive parts supply sector. The business is currently located at Upper Cambiohan, Casili, Consolacion, Cebu. The company has established its own network of contacts of other various automotive parts suppliers to source parts as they do not manufacture the parts themselves. Their main customers are insurance companies particularly those that provide vehicle insurance services to their customers although the business does not only limit its customers to the latter but also serves private individuals, organizations, and walk-in customers who seek to purchase automotive parts for their personal vehicles. 
Fourwheels Enterprises is also an accredited parts supplier for various insurance companies to which they work back and forth with to coordinate the purchasing and delivery of parts as required by the insurance companies. The company has years of experience in supplying various kinds of automotive parts from different brands as safe and timely as possible as agreed upon between the customer and the company. The company continues to strive to supply quality parts in a timely manner by cooperating with other suppliers when sourcing parts and the customers to ensure clear and proper communication between all involved parties.

The system’s software is developed in C# programming language through the Microsoft Visual Studio IDE. Modules for employee account management, inventory management, and transaction management are the building blocks for the software which covers the necessary and important processes for the company’s inventory and transactions management processes while ensuring that certain information and actions can only be accessed and performed by authorized employees with designated administrator accounts.
	Inventory management will be completely done through the software which encompasses tasks such as adding new items, editing details of existing items, and removing items from the inventory. The inventory will be automatically updated in the event of a sale or inventory purchase being made and recorded in the system which eliminates the need for employees to manually recheck the whole inventory to update it.
Managing transactions will involve both manual and computerized processes as documents such as purchase orders, sales invoice, and the like, still have to be stored in a physical archive and at the same time the transactions pertaining to the specific documents will be recorded through the software. Each transaction document, its document type (sales invoice, receipt, purchase order, etc.), and document number uniquely pertains to a single transaction and its details will be encoded by an employee responsible for recording transactions. 
	The proposed system also enables an authorized employee to generate a report regarding inventory purchases, sales, or both types of transactions. This allows relevant personnel to easily view information regarding gross profit for sales or cost of goods purchased for the inventory.
